procedures: Add readiness init container docs (#2139)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-olm-installer.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id="enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-olm-installer_{context}"]
= Enabling readiness init containers for OLM installer

> To enable or disable readiness init containers for {prod-short} installed using the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) installer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Readiness init containers are not enabled by default.

To enable or disable readiness init containers for {prod-short} installed using the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) installer:
```

.Prerequisites

* {prod-short} is installed with OLM installer.

.Procedure

. Find the {prod-short} Operator subscription name:
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
$ {orch-cli} get subscriptions -n {prod-namespace}
----

. Find the CSV name in the {prod-short} Operator subscription:
+
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
$ {orch-cli} get subscription <subscription-name> -n {prod-namespace} -o yaml | grep installedCSV
----

> . Edit the CSV:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Edit the `ClusterServiceVersion` (CSV) YAML manifest:
```
I hope CSV=ClusterServiceVersion is correct.

Author: Yes, it is

+
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----

> $ {orch-cli} edit csv <csv-name> -n {prod-namespace}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ {orch-cli} edit csv _<csv-name>_ -n {prod-namespace}
```
If the admin/reader has to provide <csv-name>, then we need to italicize it according to:
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user-replaced-values
(And in that case, ideally we can tell the admin/reader where to find it.

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-olm-installer_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="enabling-queue-init-containers-for-olm-installer_{context}"]
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="enabling-and-disabling-readiness-init-containers-for-olm-installer_{context}"]
```

> = Enabling readiness init containers for OLM installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Enabling queue init containers for OLM installer
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Enabling and disabling readiness init containers for OLM installer
```

> The following section describes how to enable and disable readiness init containers components for {prod-short} for the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) installation method.

Reviewer: IBM Style, p. 22:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78564304/139859726-f909a576-edcf-4930-b0d3-3b369ab7b9a5.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable or disable queue init containers for {prod-short} installed using the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) installer:
```

.Prerequisites

* {prod-short} is installed with OLM installer.

.Procedure

. Find the {prod-short} Operator subscription name:
+

> [subs="+attributes,+quotes"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
```

----
$ {orch-cli} get subscriptions -n {prod-namespace}
----

. Find the CSV name in the {prod-short} Operator subscription:
+

> [subs="+attributes,+quotes"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
```

----
$ {orch-cli} get subscription <subscription-name> -n {prod-namespace} -o yaml | grep installedCSV
----

. Edit the CSV:
+

> [subs="+attributes,+quotes"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
```

----
$ {orch-cli} edit csv <csv-name> -n {prod-namespace}
----

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> by adding (removing) the following environment variable to (from) the Operator deployment spec:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add (remove) the following environment variable to (from) the Operator Deployment spec:
```

+

> [subs="+attributes,+quotes"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
```
